# Responsive_Portfolio

## Overview
When web developers find themselves repeating a task, they will often look for programmatic solutions. A prime example is setting up boilerplate HTML and CSS. In the previous unit, you built and deployed a simple portfolio site. Now, imagine you were building portfolios for a list of clients. An efficient approach to this scenario would be to create a master stylesheet and customize copies of it for each individual portfolio. In doing so, you would be implementing a simple CSS framework. 

CSS frameworks allow us to quickly style a web application so we can focus on _bootstrapping_ it, ie: building and deploying the business logic. Most CSS frameworks handle the more challenging aspects of CSS for us, such as floats and media queries. Another benefit of using CSS frameworks is ensuring consistency across applications. Depending on your career trajectory, you may find yourself maintaining multiple web applications, and, as you learned in the previous unit, CSS can get unruly very quickly. As applications scale, ease of maintenance and organization of the codebase becomes very important.

The CSS framework we will use in this course is Bootstrap. Bootstrap was one of the first CSS frameworks and is, at the time of this writing, the most widely used in production. It was created by the developers at Twitter for the reasons discussed above and released as an open source project in 2011, meaning anyone could then use Bootstrap in their applications for free. There are now dozens of CSS frameworks to choose from, but learning Bootstrap will set you up to quickly adapt to almost any CSS framework as they tend to share the same underlying concept of a grid system structured by rows and columns.
